NAME
	ft_ls -- list directory contents

SYNOPSIS
	ft_ls [-ARSafhlprt1] [file ...]

DESCRIPTION
	For each operand that names a file of a type other than directory, ls
	displays its name as well as any requested, associated information. For
	each operand that names a file of type directory, ls displays the names
	of files contained within that directory, as well as any requested,
	associated information.

	If no operands are given, the contents of the current directory are
	displayed. If more than one operand is given, non-directory operands are
	displayed first; directory and non-directory operands are sorted separately
	and in lexicographical order.

The following options are available:

	-1 (The numeric digit ``one''.)
		Force output to be one entry per line. This is the default.

	-A
		List all entries except for . and ...

	-a
		Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot (.).

	-f
		Output is not sorted. This option turns on the -a option.

	-h
		Displays this file and quit.

	-l
		(The lowercase letter ``ell''.) List in long format. If the output is to
		a terminal, a total sum for all the file sizes is output on a line before
		the long listing.

	-p
		Write a slash (`/') after each filename if that file is a directory.

	-R
		Recursively list subdirectories encountered.

	-r
		Reverse the order of the sort.

	-S
		Sort files by size

	-t
		Sort by time modified (most recently modified first) before sorting the
		operands by lexicographical order.


	The -1 and -l options override the other; the last one specified determines
	the format used.

	The Long Format
		If the -l option is given, the following information is displayed for
		each file: file mode, number of links, owner name, group name, number
		of bytes in the file, abbreviated month, day-of-month file was last
		modified, hour file last modified, minute file last modified, and the
		pathname. In addition, for each directory whose contents are displayed,
		the total number of 512-byte blocks used by the files in the directory
		is displayed on a line by itself, immediately before the information for
		the files in the directory. If the file or directory has extended
		attributes, the permissions field printed by the -l option is followed
		by a '@' character. Otherwise, if the file or directory has extended
		security information (such as an access control list), the permissions
		field printed by the -l option is followed by a '+' character.

		If the modification time of the file is more than 6 months in the past
		or future, then the year of the last modification is displayed in place
		of the hour and minute fields.

		If the owner or group names are not a known user or group name, the
		numeric ID's are displayed.

		If the file is a character special or block special file, the major and
		minor device numbers for the file are displayed in the size field. If
		the file is a symbolic link, the pathname of the linked-to file is
		preceded by ``->''.

		The file mode printed under the -l option consists of the entry type,
		owner permissions, and group permissions.
		The entry type character describes the type of file, as follows:

		b	Block special file.
		c	Character special file.
		d	Directory.
		l	Symbolic link.
		s	Socket link.
		p	FIFO.
		-	Regular file.

		The next three fields are three characters each: owner permissions,
		group permissions, and other permissions.
		Each field has three character positions:

		1.	If r, the file is readable; if -, it is not readable.

		2.	If w, the file is writable; if -, it is not writable.

		3.	The first of the following that applies:

			S
				If in the owner permissions, the file is not executable and
				set-user-ID mode is set. If in the group permissions, the file
				is not executable and set-group-ID mode is set.

			s
				If in the owner permissions, the file is executable and
				set-user-ID mode is set. If in the group permissions, the file
				is executable and setgroup-ID mode is set.

			x
				The file is executable or the directory is searchable.

			-
				The file is neither readable, writable, executable, nor
				set-user-ID nor set-group-ID setgroup-ID group-ID mode,
				nor sticky.

		These next two apply only to the third character in the last group
		(other permissions).

			T
				The sticky bit is set (mode 1000), but not execute or search
				permission.

			t
				The sticky bit is set (mode 1000), and is searchable or
				executable.

EXAMPLES
	The following is how to do an ls listing sorted by increasing size

	ls -lrS

DIAGNOSTICS
	The ls utility exits 0 on success, and >0 if an error occurs.
